Add locust script for scale testing (#542) (#681)
DataBiosphere/azul: README.md

   that matches the target branch

7) Run `git push origin`

## 7 Scale testing

Scale testing can be done with [Locust](https://locust.io/).

> Locust is a dev requirement so running it is straight forward with your development

Author: done.

environment set up.

1. Make sure Locust is installed by running
   ```
   locust --version
   ```
   If it is not installed, do step 1.3 in this README.

> 1. To run scale test the webservice on integration run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To scale test the Azul web service on integration run
```

Author: :+1:

   ```
   locust -f scripts/locust/service.py
   ```

   If you want to test against a different stage use the `--host` option:
   ```
   locust -f scripts/locust/service.py --host https://service.dev.explore.data.humancellatlas.org
   ```

> 1. Navigate to `localhost:8090` in your browser to start a test run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to `http://localhost:8090` in your browser to start a test run.
```

Author: :+1:
